# Simple-Chatty-Bot
# Simple-Chatty-Bot Simple Chatty Bot Application that prompts user for name, date built, and age of a user-defined bot. Project Completed using JetBrains Hyperskill at https://hyperskill.org/projects/31?goal=7  About: Here, at the beginning of your programmer’s path, you will need a console bot that will guide you through the basics of software development. During this journey you will also play some word and number games that you are going to implement by yourself. Pack up and hit the road, my friend!  Learning outcomes: As you move through the project, you’ll install Java on your machine and learn to work in a professional development environment. You’ll get to know the basic syntax of Java and write a simple program using variables, conditions, loops, and methods.  This project is a part of the following learning goals: Java Developer  What you’ll do and what you’ll learn:  1/4. Teach your assistant to introduce itself in the console Introduction to Java - Basic literals - Overview of the basic program - Printing data - Stage implementation  2/4. Use your knowledge of strings and numbers to make the assistant guess your age  3/4. Your assistant is old enough to learn how to count. And you are experienced enough to apply the for-loop at this stage!  4/4. At this point, the assistant will be able to check your knowledge and ask multiple choice questions. Add some methods to your code and make the stage even better.  Result will look like:  > Hello! My name is Aid.&lt;br/> I was created in 2018.&lt;br/> Please, remind me your name.&lt;br/> Max&lt;br/> What a great name you have, Max!&lt;br/> Let me guess your age.&lt;br/> Say me remainders of dividing your age by 3, 5 and 7.&lt;br/> 1 2 1&lt;br/> Your age is 22: that's a good time to start programming!&lt;br/> Now I will prove to you that I can count to any number you want.&lt;br/> 3&lt;br/> 0!&lt;br/> 1!&lt;br/> 2!&lt;br/> 3!&lt;br/> Let's test your programming knowledge.&lt;br/> Why do we use methods?&lt;br/> &lt;ol>  &lt;li>To repeat a statement multiple times.&lt;/li>  &lt;li>To decompose a program into several small subroutines.&lt;/li>  &lt;li>To determine the execution time of a program.&lt;/li>  &lt;li>To interrupt the execution of a program.&lt;/li> &lt;/ol>  > 4&lt;br/> Please, try again.&lt;br/> 2&lt;br/> Congratulations, have a nice day! 
